Homework 1 assignment:

Part 1:
Create a vagrant file to 
1) create two virtual machines, 
2) On one of them, install ansible, 
3) on one of them create an ssh key pair and install it on the other 
  (using Option 2 - copying over via ssh, rather than via the filesystem).     

Part 2:
Create an ansible playbook which builds some application from source 
-- that is, from a base VM image (e.g., ubunty/trusty64), 
you run 1 ansible playbook to get any packages, 
get the source, etc. to build the application.  

Part 3:
Include a README that describes how to run your project, 
even if it's one line (this is to get in a good practice).

I'm looking for 1 Vagrantfile, 1 hw1.yml, and 1 README 



Quick start guide from class.


-- search for how to create a Vagrantfile with two multiple VMs.  
  (say adm for the admin node, and machineX for the server to install the application on).

-- search for how to install ansible and add that to the provision part of the 
  Vagrantfile for the one VM.  
  (note - the instructions on 
  https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/installation_guide/intro_installation.html
  won't get the latest version on some distros, so use this line instead of the
  equivalent line in that guide if using ubuntu, or look it up if on some other
  distro and you notice the version is not a recent one)
  sudo add-apt-repository ppa:ansible/ansible-2.10


-- set up ssh keys (on adm):

 ssh-keygen

 ssh-copy-id vagrant@192.168.33.11

    (password is vagrant)

-- create a hosts file with contents of 192.168.33.11 in it.

-- test out ansible's communication to the other server:

  ansible -i hosts -m ping


Any problems, jump on slack -- it's ok to ask classmates for pointers.
Please don't just post full code.

Requirement - a peer must validate your homework 
(that is, they must run it on their machine and make sure it works).  

Due Thursday Sept 9.  Private message me on slack a zip with your solution.  
Peer - private message me that you validated the solution for <include their name>.  

We'll walk through some of them in class.